=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Chris Weyl

=head1 NAME

Pod::Weaver::Role::Section::Formattable - Role for a formattable section

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.001 of Pod::Weaver::Role::Section::Formattable - released July 24, 2012 as part of Pod-Weaver-Role-Section-Formattable.

=head1 OVERVIEW

This role is consumed by sections that operate through the mechanisim of
L<String::Formatter>, namely that they take a format and input data, and
generate a top-level section from that.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 formatter

This lazily-built attribute holds our formatter.

=head2 section_name

This attribute holds the section name a consuming plugin will use.

=head2 format

The string to use when generating the version string.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 codes

This method returns a hashref of codes suitable to building a
L<String::Formatter> with.  For our list of codes, see OVERVIEW, below.

Sections consuming this role should consider creating a C<additional_codes>
method, as codes returned by that method will be merged in with our default
codes.  C<additional_codes> should return a list, not a hashref.

Of course, the choice is yours.

=head2 format_section $input

Return the text representing the formatted section.  This method is called
with the C<$input> taken from C<weave_section>.

=head2 build_content($document, $input)

This method is passed the same C<$document> and C<$input> that the
C<weave_section> method is called with, and should return a list of pod
elements to insert.

In almost all cases, this method is used internally, but could be usefully
overridden in a subclass.

=head2 weave_section

Build our section.

=head1 REQUIRED METHODS

=head2 default_section_name

Generate our default section name.

This is a builder method for the C<section_name> attribute.

=head2 default_format

The default string to use as the format, when one has not been specified in
the configuration.

This is a builder method for the C<format> attribute.

=head1 CODES

We provide the following codes:

=over 4

=item *

%v - distribution version

=item *

%d - distribution name

=back

=head1 SOURCE

The development version is on github at L<http://github.com/RsrchBoy/Pod-Weaver-Role-Section-Formattable>
and may be cloned from L<git://github.com/RsrchBoy/Pod-Weaver-Role-Section-Formattable.git>

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

